Okay, stop moving.
Okay, food.
Okay.
My favorite food.
Oh gosh, I, it depends on my mood but the ones that...
I like Japanese food the most and of that I think
Sushi is probably the top like
It's a special treat, I guess. Oh yeah, at home we do
Like the...um...
The roll thing with the handle and then we would
buy all the, the raw fish, the sashimi.
and we slice it up and put it in the middle and then we have our own dish.
Rice and then you give us a seat and you get to choose your own top.
Like, whatever you want to put into your hand roll.
So I like that. I love that home family style like you just
have all the fish.
Oh you could do it a cone or you could wrap it and then like we have other stuff other than fish.
like tuna, salmon... Yeah. So...
cheap. Yeah...
What's everybody else's favorite food?
Ohhhh...
Yeah.
Donburi's Pho.
yeah
Yeah. Northern Japan has good seafood.
Like, yeah, they say the colder the water,
um... the seafood is a lot to tastes better.
And so if you like go to Hokkaido, it's known for...
Yeah.
I think like, um... like
mainland in asia and
in Russia area, it's it's cold.
But it's very dry, so you're not going to get that.
snowfall but Japan is has enough moisture
Yeah.
And I, I believe that.
Oh, really? Which part?
Asahikawa. Wow.
mmh
Yeah.
Oh. Oh, is...
Oh, you have...
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Have you been to Asahikawa or Hokkaido?
Yeah.
It's middle in there. If you say it's in the middle, I think you weren't
Close. What is it?
Yes. Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Have you eat it? Whale. Whale meat.
Did, did you like it?
mmh
Have you had?
Oh, Iceland. Okay.
How was that?
Yeah.
Really?